{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww16240\viewh15600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Welcome to TradigiTOOLS 1.3a
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\

\f0\b SYSTEM REQUIRMENTS\

\f1\b0 \
TradigiTOOLS works with the following versions of Maya:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\f0\b \cf0 Maya 2013 Service Pack 2
\f1\b0  (Win64 and Mac OS X 64bit Intel)\

\f0\b Maya 2013 Extension 2
\f1\b0  (Win64 and Mac OS X 64bit Intel)\

\f0\b Maya 2014 
\f1\b0 (Win64 and Mac OS X 64bit Intel)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
If you do not have one of the above specified versions of Maya the plugin may fail to load.  
\f2\i\b Only the above version is supported
\f1\i0\b0 .  To download updates, please visit the Autodesk website:\
\
http://usa.autodesk.com/adsk/servlet/ps/dl/index?siteID=123112&id=2334435&linkID=9242259\
\
\

\f0\b INSTALLATION:\
\

\f1\b0 1) Close any open instances of Maya.\
\
2) If you are upgrading from a previous version of tradigiTOOLS, please back up your tradigiTOOLS.lic license file and uninstall the old version before running the new installer.\
\
3) On Windows and OSX, run the setup installation program and follow the instructions.\
\
4) Launch Maya and open the Plug-in Manager (Window -> Settings/Preferences/Plug-in Manager).\
\
5) In the plug-in manager, navigate to the tradigiTOOLS installation directory and load (and auto-load) the version of the tradigiTOOLS that corresponds to the version of Maya in use.\
\
6) A new menu item named "FUNhouse" will be displayed.  Select FUNhouse -> tradigiTOOLS to launch the tradigiTOOLS UI.\
\
Tip: A shelf icon can be created by holding Control+Shift keys and selecting the tradigiTOOLS menu item.\
\
\

\f0\b UPDATE HISTORY:\
\
v1.3a\
\

\f1\b0 1) Support for Maya 2013 SP2, 2013 Extension SP2, and 2014.\

\f0\b \
\
v1.3\
\

\f1\b0 1) Support for Maya 2012.\
\
2) Improved docking support for the tradigiTOOLS interface. Flickering should be fixed, and the Dock Control will not overlap other parts of the interface when initially docked in Maya 2012.\
\
3) Added a quick button for Auto Tangents.  It works the same as the other tangent buttons.\
\
4) When starting Maya and re-opening tradigiTOOLS, the global tangent type button now respects the user preferences instead of defaulting to "spline".\
\
5) Shot Mask is off by default when ANIMBlasting.  This has been requested a lot, so there you go! To enable it, turn on the setting in the ANIMBlast tab.\
\
\

\f0\b v1.25\
\

\f1\b0 1) Support for Maya 2011 Hotfix 3. Please note that versions of Maya 2011 that prior to Hotfix 3 ARE NOT SUPPORTED. Please update to Hotfix 3, as it fixes a number of critical issues.
\f0\b \
\

\f1\b0 2) Added support for docking the tradigiTOOLS interface.
\f0\b \
\
\
v1.21\
\

\f1\b0 1) Preliminary support for Maya 2009 (Windows 32, Windows 64, Mac OS X).\
\
\

\f0\b v1.20\

\f1\b0 \
1) Added support for Blend nodes\
\
2) Added support for Character Sets\
\
3) Parenting to the Camera is now supported for the shotmask\
\
4) WINDOWS ONLY: 64-bit support for Maya64 on XP64 & Vista64\
\
5) MAC ONLY: Maya 8.5 and Maya 2008 plug-ins are now Universal Binaries.\

\f0\b \
\
v1.11\
\

\f1\b0 1) A shotmask can be successfully created for all of the "Fit Resolution Gate" types (Horizontal, Vertical, Fill and Overscan).
\f0\b \
\

\f1\b0 2) Shotmask details can now be stored with the scene.  tradigiTOOLS will automatically update when a scene is loaded with saved details.\
\
3) A "Delete All" button was added to the shot mask creation.  Using it will delete both the shotmask and the stored shotmask details.
\f0\b \
\

\f1\b0 4) An ANIMBlast button was added to Quick Buttons section.\
\
5) Scaling for the shotmask text is now available.  Scaling can be accomplished in the X and Y directions independently.\
\
6) Fixed a Key/Breakdown issue that could potentially set a key that was a copy of the previously set key.\
\
7) Fixed a clipping plane limitation that could potentially keep the shotmask from being rendered.\
\
\

\f0\b v1.01
\f1\b0 \
\
1) Original Release\
\
\

\f0\b KNOWN LIMITATIONS:
\f1\b0 \
\
1) The shot mask may not display correctly if the camera's Lens Squeeze Ratio is not equal to 1.\
\
2) ANIMBlast will not dynamically update the shot mask if the camera's focal length has been animated over the course of a shot.\
\
3) ANIMBlast may playblast to the wrong size on a fresh install of Maya.  Creating a single regular playblast should remedy this on all subsequent ANIMBlasts.\
\
4) The text on the shot mask may display as blocks on a fresh install of Maya.  One time creation of text should solve this problem (Create -> Text).\
\
5) Parenting objects to the camera may cause the shotmask to fail.  Parent constraining can be used as an alternative.\
\
6) Some Maya 2009-specific features, like stereoscopic cameras, are not supported and may cause issues if used with tradigiTOOLS.\
\
\

\f0\b CREDITS
\f1\b0 \
\

\f0\b Created and Designed by
\f1\b0 \
Dimos Vrysellas\
\

\f0\b Programming and MEL Scripting
\f1\b0 \
Chris Zurbrigg\
Charles W. Wardlaw\
\

\f0\b Beta Testers
\f1\b0 \
Paul Allen\
David Bernal\
John T. Coomey\
Michael Donovan\
Anders Eriksson\
Adam "FONT" Fontenault\
Michal Mach\
Alexiss Dawn Memmott\
Athavan "Astro" Rajaratnam\
Jim Regan\
Matthew Tardiff\
Remi "Rock Star" Tjon Ajong\
Joost "JUICE" van Schaik\
Tobias Felix von Burkersroda\
Jason "Spilly" Spilchak\
Justin Weg\
\

\f0\b Additional Thanks
\f1\b0 \
Jonathan Wilkes (SetEnv)\
\
\
}